# Sprouts

Srpouts is a stategy game prototype where the player must alternate between the playable characters which will uncover hidden parts of the map and lead them to the star. While visually looking fairly simple, the game uses it's lack of colours to challenge the player's navigation.

As this is a prototype, it aims to display the main idea of the game. I would have ideally incorporated somekind of storyline to make sense of why the player is aiming to reach the star and who the characters are. However, I got stuck when it came to adding colliders to the ground and platforms, making the game un-playable. I had surfed the internet for similar code in hopes any could help, reached out to Lee, had a look at my code with Stephen, and sent a message in our class' "help-me" channel. Some theories as to why the collisions were not working were; I was drawing multiple ground images which coul have been confusing the program, since I was displaying the images using depth maybe the z axis points had to be the same to collde, and I displayed the ground and platforms as sprites instead of images. Yet, none of these changes have gotten my characters to collide with these objects.

Let's say I had gotten the collisions to work between the characters, the ground, and platforms, the player would have been able to make their way to the highest platform by swtiching between characters. In an attempt to collect the star, they would have come to the realization that it is not within reach. Once again, they would have had to use both players. By having the white sprout jump off the black sprout (who is on the edge of the top platform), only then could the star be collected.
